Hello, everyone.
Welcome.
And here is another partitioning problem.
I call it partitioning problem because it is very similar to partition problems.
But yes, this this problem will give you a deeper insight into the enemy and.
It will tell you how these problems are created within the same problem.
It's a very, very famous problem.
If you have done it, then it's fine.
You can skip it.
But let's do this problem.
Once it is, start getting problem.
Given that all of London and an area prices of London including the cost of pieces of the of Lent weren't
doing.
So basically this is my first example here.
The Iran has aligned it to say we have a right.
It has a end.
It is our unit.
And we have this area which is called prices area.
So this area is also L.A., which is one.
So we can see one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, the maximum zone that can
be made if the road is cut up optimally.
So what does it mean?
If I want to cut that out later, I want to cut it into some pieces.
So, first of all, let's discuss how many pieces or things are possible if I want to cut it into something.
So, Leslie, if I have a lot of landed, I can cut into.
It parts of land one instead of less likely.
Let's not place a lot of time.
21111118.
So this is a lot of land.
It got into one woman and parts and the.
But before moving on this one small thing that happened, I tried to explain the number of means of
partitioning and into positive digits.
Of course, you all might not have encountered the video because that lecturer has been moved on to
the subsequent season dynamic programming section.
So it's fine if you move on to that section and maybe try that problem, but it's still fine if you.
And in the standard district rate, the second rate.
So if I'm getting into one land end of it, but then what is the total cost?
It'll delegate.
What is the land of getting what?
What is the price of cutting the garden length one.
It is one only 8 to 1 plus one Belmont.
Pleasant, pleasant.
Place one is it?
Here I can see that the maximum amount that I have got after getting into this is often it.
Is it too.
There are other other possibilities as well.
The other possibility can be cutting into one in seven.
Now what is the price of one?
It's one only.
And what is the price of seven?
We can see the price of an aeroplane.
Seven is an eight.
So.
What is the total cost here?
Total cost is 11.
So you can easily see that this cost is greater than you'd like.
There can be other ways also.
Let's say I'm dividing the road into four, four and three in one.
So it is all to the four for the cost is five.
Less for three, the cost is four less or one.
The cost is one.
So what we can see, the total here is and again, we are getting on the number.
But of course it is not greater than 11.
I have to find the maximum price that I can get it.
So yeah, this is like one of the example.
I hope you're understanding what the problem is asking for and similarly what any question for let's
let's try this because here any small four can be divided into one one, one one or it can be divided
into one plus one plus one plus group or it can be divided into.
So, okay, one more thing.
Just just think about this.
Does The Art of Matter material.
Does the order of the pieces of the road matters?
I mean, if you've got a road into one lane, then one lane, then to land.
Is it different from getting it out into two land, one land and then one land?
No.
Right.
Because what I see is of 112 will be same as prices of 211 because we are indirectly adding them well.
So the order does not matter here, right?
I just want an order.
Two pairs, basically.
I can say this one plus one plus two, or we can say it is two plus two or we can say it is one plus
three and the last one can be it is four.
What are the prices of all this?
For one, we have the price one related one three, four, eight.
So it is one plus one plus one plus one, which is for prices of this cart is one plus one plus one,
three, one plus one.
Ooh.
One plus one again.
Two and four for the prices.
Six.
So the maximum amount that I am able to generate is six out of all the possible cuttings.
Eight, I hope.
Now the problem is very clear.
Well.
But what?
What should we the next steps?
How should we approach this problem?
I mean, usually what I have is I have a lot of land trade and I have some prices that I want to cut
this garden, do some part.
What I can say is.
That guard that are into one part.
Basically what we're doing, all the problems.
We just try out different possible options and we take the best one among them.
So let me firstly write a deep state.
Let's say deep state deep.
And a Libyan represents the maximum amount.
Maximum amount.
Possible.
If The Art of London is good.
Start of Lent and discard when it is finally done said.
So basically the final answer for this problem should be it.
But how do we calculate it?
Right now we have a lot of land.
It be able to be that there can be various ways of getting of it out of land.
So we don't you know, we don't have to think twice ahead.
We'll just we'll just think about one step ahead and that will be it.
But what we can do is we can divide this aid into.
See.
It's I'm getting it out of Lent one in this.
Then in that case, what will be my solution?
It will be nothing but rice off one rice of one.
Because I've got a lot of land one year.
Less deep.
Tell me, what is the maximum amount that can be generated?
If I if now dheeraj lent is seven they or the second option can be if I got the fraudulent two.
What is the rod which is remaining?
It is of lent.
Six.
Eight.
The price to bless DP.
Six.
I hope you're getting this by price, too, because I have little I've got that order lent to from the
starting eight.
So right now it is of lent it.
This is their talented.
And now I'm making a court of land.
I'm saying, okay, if I make this card, I have a price for it with this price of two.
And now just tell me what the remaining road me.
What is the best answer?
Right.
Similarly, same thing will happen for three as well, which is price three.
Let's be.
Basically what's happening here is I'm doing all possible options from this starting and if I got it
for Lent one, Lent to Lent three and four and five and six Lent and indented.
This will go on till lent it in the end.
What will happen?
Price off it less DP zero.
I hope this is being clear now.
Yeah.
Now.
Tell me how deep seven.
Take this.
I would deep seven.
You know, digging progressively deep seven will do the same thing.
Right.
It will divide that Oriental into one.
It will say, okay, this price of one plus DP six and of.
Lent to price of two plus and BP five.
So if I want to generalize it, I can say that dpn is nothing medical to maximum of maximum of all the
amounts that I can get and what amounts I can get, I can say it is price, i.e. because I'm getting
that island of raw trade, no less BP and minus because the remaining raw that is left is and minus
eight.
And I'll just.
This is my reconciliation here.
I will start from one and I will go day and night.
And what will I be?
Excuses the deep zero in zero eight, the normal biscuits.
If there's no land, there is no place.
And we can simply apply this because of religion here we can see that there will be some overlapping
problems.
It's very clear here there'd be six and BP six.
So there are six is being called two names, eight, and it's an overlapping problem.
So I hope you have realized one thing that if DP six is called here and DP six is Scalia, we will return
as the same value eight because deep six means Godard of land six into some parts and give me the best
amount.
It doesn't matter where it is called eight, it still is.
The state that we want.
Basically, I'm partitioning that out.
I always think in this way that I'm partitioning that road and with the partitions I have a cost associated
eight.
Out of all the partitions, I'll take the one with the maximum cost and it and answer it and.
Yeah, but this discussion can also be framed in this fear that, let's say I have it one.
I want to partition these eight ones sets that cost of two ones to get a cost of one one together is
price one.
FOSTER Two runs is.
RICE two.
FOSTER Three runs, rice three and so on.
So if I'm partitioning this into like, let's add this, this and this, what does this mean?
It is one plus three plus three +182.
The price of one price of two replace of three price of one.
I'll add them and find out the answer.
It is also a partitioning problem and partitioning it out of land8 into some part and I have a cost
associated with each of the parts I just have.
Do not handle this cost well.
So in an expert will be escorted out and I hope you have understood the problem in this solution.
Always remember.
Just think about one step.
If I have a lot of landed, I can have one.
Good.
I ask for the other.
I don't think he lets cut it for Lent one then will cut it for Lent too.
Then we might cut it voluntary.
That's not what we want to hear.
That's not what we want our mind to do.
Right.
We just want our mind to think of only one step ahead and ask for a recorded solution.
Look, let me go read for Lent one and let me ask what?
And minus one.
Again, the recursive function will again do the same process.
Right.
You don't have to think.
Two steps ahead.
This thing one, step eight.
And it's like step by step, you will reach the you find a solution.
So these are thing like small enlargement.
It's the same thing.
We are having some small muscle problems.
We are mixing them, we are making them.
And finally, we are reaching the final problem and making the answer.
Well.
So just remember one thing.
Don't think too much.
Just think of one step ahead and you realize the solution.
Well, in the next part.